For this N-Queens assignment, I have used the struct data structure to create a coordinate system for locating every queen on the N*N board. I named the struct "location", and
 it has two int attributes, x and y. Since this board consist of only discrete positions, I used int to specify my locations instead of float. Then, I declared a stack of location to help me keep track of all the queens' position on the board. Each location on the stack denotes the position of one queen, so there will be a total of n locations on the stack at the very end of the program if there is a solution for the given n value.

When the program is first executed, it will prompt the user to input an integer number for n. This integer number will define the number of queens as well as the size of the board (n*n). Then, the program will initialize the position of the first queen at (0,0) by default and push that to the stack since it will not collide with any other queens which have not been placed on the board. The next position is also initialized at the row above the first queen, and a "filled" variable is set to 1 to denote the current number of queens on the stack. Then, a while loop will begin and continue reiterating if the location of all the queens have not yet been determined and there is still a possibility that there is a solution to this problem. 

The program first checks to see if the next position is colliding with any previous queens' position either vertically, or diagonally. There will be three different outcomes:

1. If there is no conflict between the next location with the previous queens' location, then that will be the location of the next queen, and so the location is pushed to the stack with the “filled” variable incremented by 1. The next location will also be set to the first column of a row above the previous one, since only one queen can exist in every row.

2. If there is a conflict between the next location with the previous queens' location and there is still room for the next location to be shifted horizontally, then the next location is shifted to the right and a new iteration will run again to check for collision with the new location. 

3. If there is a conflict between the next location with the previous queens' location while the next location has no empty moves to be shifted horizontally, that means that the sequence of the previous queens’ location is not correct, so the program will pop the queen from the stack until it reaches a queen that can be shifted horizontally to fix the collision problem. That queen will be shifted horizontally until it reaches a location that does not collide with previous queens’ location, then the next location is set to the next row of column 1 and start the iteration again. For every queen pop from the stack, the filled variable will also be decremented so that we know how many queens are on the stack at any time.

After having all the queens’ location correctly identified and stored on the stack, the program will then draw the board to display the result to the user. The program will initialize a 2D array of size n*n with all elements being 0. Then, a while loop is used to get every queen’s position on the stack and set their position on the 2D array to have a value of 1. After this step is completed, all the elements on the 2D array will have value 0, except for the queen positions in which they will have value of 1 on the 2D array. Before doing a nested for loop to print out the board, the program will also rotate the board by 90 degrees to match the orientation of the coordinate system that we are used to dealing with. Finally, the board is displayed on the command line interface with all the queens denoted as “Q”, and non-queen positions denoted as “*”.
